Congratulations to the master for breaking through the fourth stage realm
Kirin was once I have reached the fourth grade show position
Can you open the fourth primordial treasure?
Of course, the fourth original treasure opens
Congratulations to the owner for obtaining the Prosperous Eye
This eye can see through the world's formations and illusions
Doesn't that mean
There will be no formation in the future
And changing hands can trap me
This broken king's feast is indeed the son of the broken king
The higher the owner's cultivation base
The more primordial treasures you can unlock
There are more precious treasures behind
It can be opened only when the owner's cultivation base breaks through
Tomorrow is the big wall
It's time to go back to the sect
Zhao Lifeng, our accounts should be settled carefully
Huang Zhishi is really unrecognizable
Usually looks like a nice guy
A terrible chess player.
Bathing knowledge
What do you mean by that?
Hmm, still here
On the Cloud Pavilion
You killed Zhang Qiaoqian and those killers, right?
Ye Wuji doesn't have this ability Zhang Qiaoqian
killer
You can't admit it
You can protect the night
Can't protect him forever
Wait a minute in the ring
I'd like to see how this kid dies
The suzerain is so fast
Yeah, I heard he's been in seclusion recently
Now dry it.
Has it broken through 6 bottles of golden chicken?
Sovereign Sovereign
Big cheese
The sect competition, can you arrange it properly?
Report to the master
You can rest assured that the sect competition has already been arranged
In this first game, there is Night Wuji versus Zhao Lingfeng